Remove old default interval references (#640)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/hypertables/best-practices.md

1. Should I use space partitioning, and how many space partitions should I use?

## Time intervals:

> Users can use the default time interval, which is 7 days. Alternatively, users 
> can explicitly configure time intervals by setting `chunk_time_interval` when 
> creating a hypertable. After the hypertable has been created, the interval used 
> for new chunks can be changed by calling [`set_chunk_time_interval`][set_chunk_time_interval].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default time interval is seven days. You can explicitly configure time 
intervals when you create a hypertable, using the `chunk_time_interval`
setting. After the hypertable is created, you can change the interval for
new chunks with [`set_chunk_time_interval`][set_chunk_time_interval].
```
